ladies and gentlemen please welcome
senior director product marketing
interactive media group Frank Casanova
[Applause]
good morning guys Thank should come into
our session this year you know typically
Tim shaft the engineering Mike
engineering counterpart and I kind of
join we do a session together but
there's so much new stuff this year
there's so much that ten needed to talk
about about the the architecture of what
was going on in our space because it's
grown considerably bigger than quick
time and there's so much new stuff that
we've been doing on our side around 3g
and a bunch of other technology that we
separated the two sessions and tims was
yesterday and mine is now we wanted to
go through today a whole bunch of
different things that we're doing in a
space around content creation content
development you know what's important to
us and what's coming and so we all have
a whole bunch of folks join me on stage
of the presenters and demo errs to kind
of get this message across this is the
second time that we've come to the
developers conference kind of as a
quicktime community as you guys may
remember for about three years or so we
had a quicktime live conference that we
held down in LA which was pretty much
all things quicktime and last year we
moved the conference kind of up into
this developers conference because the
developers conference has taken on a
whole new kind of profile it's it's not
just about API development anymore it
used to be back in the day a pretty
engineering centric conference but it's
it's grown its evolved it's changed a
lot and we saw an opportunity to
leverage the incredible infrastructure
of WWDC to include our conference and we
benefited in a lot of ways there's 41
different sessions a bunch of different
labs a very diverse audience that
everybody in this audience comes across
from a wide variety of backgrounds and
one thing we definitely heard from last
year that people wanted to see improve
their change was improve the community
you know the QuickTime live community
was a very vibrant and very definite
community and so we've done a lot of
changes when I think the room build outs
are our fin
we have instead of smaller rooms where
people are packed in and standing room
only we've increased the size of the
rooms there's a couple of them that
they're pretty large and our quick time
lounge is no longer a back alleyway with
a bumpy couch and a fake plant that used
to be back there we actually have a
lounge so if you're part of this
community you can go over and hang out
and you know meet other people that are
in this space there's beverages and
various things so we've changed a lot of
things to make this conference better
and we really look forward to the
feedback session later this week for you
guys to give us more feedback and what
you want to see next year so what's
changed in quick time and its simplest
form our logo changed we got a new logo
I think this is what maybe our Rhonda
our fifth one yeah fifth one of good
questions that stump the experts later
tonight how many logos have the
QuickTime guys had well we were
surprised with the rest of the company
when all of a sudden is new and showed
up and as we stared at it for a long
time trying to figure out what was
different certainly light source they
change the angle of attack for the light
that defines our logo what else the
singing in the middle got wider I'm not
sure what that thing really is but it
got wider and then of course they remove
the hole on the center of our logo and
so and I think I think it's a little bit
more jelly too i think they jellified it
a little bit more you know but it's
pretty cool I mean it looks it looks it
looks modern I guess as long as we stay
in the doc that's all that matters right
the never-ending battle of who's in the
doc so what we really want to talk about
is covering a lot of ground in this
presentation about what we've done at
Apple what our partners have done what
technologies we've been working on to
kind of improve this sense of you know
what we've done to make a media platform
standards-based media platform this
slide is expanding on a regular basis
this text set of technologies and the
ways our s is architected is being
updated seemingly every release and
certainly the two guys in the middle
chorim's record video which we'll spend
some time talking about
have added a lot and to help me talk
about what's going on is help explain
I'd like to introduce Amy Nugent Amy's
on my team recently promoted the product
line manager she is responsible for all
the various core technologies within the
OS from a product marketing standpoint
like to introduce Amy and have her step
through this and do some cool demos for
you guys Amy thank Frank welcome good
morning thanks for coming out everybody
what I'd like to do is just explain a
little bit of what is built into our OS
and try to explain why you as content
professionals really care and why you
benefit from this one of our key proof
points has been core audio has built
into Mac os10 when we transition from
Mac OS to OS 10 we had a great and rare
opportunity to build something from
scratch for modern hardware and from
that we were able to make core audio and
we really have ended up with the
industry-leading platform for audio in
fact over eighty percent of professional
audio market is on the mac and why well
we built an ultra-low latency platform
one of the lowest figures on any OS we
had support for 24 bit 192 audio and
beyond in fact when 192 is started to
emerge as an industry standard we didn't
need to make any changes in core audio
you just automatically scaled we also
don't have any software restrictions as
far as the number of channels that you
can work with for playback or capture
and it'll scale just with your hardware
and with the g5 we're seeing some
massive scalability we also have plug
and play for audio devices for your
firewire and USB connect them up they
just work and we've really built a
robust developer community around audio
units the plugins into core audio that
allow you to do effects with the SP and
virtual instruments we have dozens and
dozens of developers who are both
hosting and creating audio units and one
of the more recent examples comes from
native instruments with a product called
guitar rig you might have seen this in
Steve keynote but I'd like to introduce
mark Alta Cruz audio marketing manager
at Apple to take a deeper look and
explain a little bit more of how this
platform and these products really help
you with media professionals morning
[Applause]
really have some fun I am rock and roll
guitar at nine o'clock in the morning
let's do it Frank you owe me a bit some
audio here are we happening guys we're
live that house yeah is that coming
through the main anyway I'll talk about
what they work on the problem as a
musician and a person who spends an
awful lot of time creating music and
working on on audio for you know a lot
of different professional people I'm
always looking for applications that
really really helped really really help
me in terms of sound in terms of my
ability to get through to other systems
and one of the things that I found using
devices and applications that are
designed for core audio but the sound
quality has just been dramatically
improved as Amy said about eighty
percent of the professional audience out
there uses the mac as their platform
well you know the the entire market is
is really quite huge we found to some
research that it's about fifty four
percent of u.s. households have somebody
playing a musical instrument and what's
remarkable about that is that about 32
million of them are guitar players
and oh and that's us figures only it's
about 72 million worldwide so this is
like a great big market for the
developers to create and really spend
some time going after these applications
we have sound we have we got something
now try something here thank you that's
one second one 2320 I'm definitely how
they work that out let me explain a few
things again why you care because we
have this architecture built into 10 and
we have so many developers building on
top of it you have choice you have
choice of the tools you'd like to use of
the plugins you want to use and the
choice is really what this is all about
we want to provide the platform for you
to be able to enable everything that you
want to do in the audio space and that's
why core audio is so important both for
us in an OS level and for you as the
platform too hello to pull together your
solutions sent indicative we have audio
one of the engineers is sitting right
there you owe me this okay switch it
switch that back then all the way okay
well don't know what the problem is oh
well yes well sorry about that hopefully
you guys got to see guitar rig in the CT
note if you didn't the webcast is online
that you can check it out at apple.com /
QuickTime let's go what fun alright so
you can take a look at Guitar Rig this
whole section through here this is just
like a virtual rack of instruments of
amplifiers and what what can come with
this thing is really pretty amazing in
terms of amplification we have like a
Mesa Boogie fender twin a marshall plexi
of vox ac30 in terms of distortion
pedals we have some of the classics the
tube screamer I love that name
distortion treble booster under under
the mod section for modulation this
tremolo and phasers blah blah blah onto
the filter section there's wawas there's
talk was all kinds of eq volume pedals
and even things that are a little silly
like this psychedelic delay here and all
you have to do to to make use of these
it's just click them and drag them where
you want them and then they turn on
we're still having problems here guys
okay so one of the cool things that this
application does and has its own little
tape delay so now sometimes I'll get
files from friends of mine let's say
Frank Casanova sent me this one one two
three two two three okay this is just
plain this is just an mpeg-4 file click
on file I'm not going to choose a sound
to work with kind of get the idea okay
so you can play along it's a file that
somebody sends you they say you know we
want you to work on it on the guitar
part of us and your work and work on it
so Frank I'm sorry man but I kind of
like that but I needed a little bit more
modern you mind if I goop with this a
little bit ok so I'm going to launch
GarageBand and in garage band I've taken
the concept of that Thun and I'm going
to launch native instruments guitar rig
as an audio unit and all i have to do is
click and there's guitar rig now my
backing track now sounds like this let's
stop picking sounds
[Music]
yeah I kind of like that just just a
little bit better okay so you get the
idea you can you can start collaborating
with people you start work with people
you're starting to take you know
original files changing them around and
using this application Guitar Rig you
can really get a handle on sounds
emulating the sounds of some of the
greatest amplifiers that were made it's
just a whole lot of fun okay thank them
[Applause]
great and if you're interested in
finding out more about audio at apple in
the OS as well as in our products there
is a hands-on lab tomorrow from 12
districts some of our audio engineers
will be there and they can help you even
from a content creation standpoint so I
suggest you check that out second floor
tomorrow so Frank introduced at the
beginning the idea we have some new
members of our media architecture in Mac
OS 10 you might have seen mention of
them and some of the other sessions
prior to now and what I'd like to
explain is why do you care why is this
important for content professionals well
let me walk you through it so like we
did with my core audio and Mac OS 10
building up architectures from the
ground up we have that same ability to
do that with core image and chord video
and one of the more modern trends is the
GPU or the graphics processing unit
cards from ati nvidia the monster we
talked about yesterday with the dual
dual-link DVIs they are monsters they
have heat sinks they have fans and the
processing power that these babies have
are just out of control and they're
growing at an exponential rate and they
are doubling six months to every 12
months in power
the growth in the millions of pixels per
second that you can do were over six
billion pixels per second with the most
recent cards with memory bandwidth over
35 gigabytes a second going through
these cards that's a lot of data and
it's also difficult to harness for the
average developer so what we wanted to
do was take advantage of this and make
it easy for developers to use to create
their tools and core image is born from
that idea it's ultra-fast image
processing leveraging the GPU it
provides floating-point precision so
we're not doing any approximations we're
doing all processing at the pixel level
and the performance will scale with your
GPU on the fly so say you have a filter
effect core image will automatically
optimize the best path for the best
speed on the fly and it's easily
extensible with what we're calling image
units which were filters effects
transitions that developers can create
and you can add into the system and any
application can host them we're also
bundling over a hundred filters right in
the OS and from a matching perspective
we're taking a look at core video and
court video is really providing a new
modern architecture to video and it
really enables the pipeline between
quick times and OpenGL and what does
that mean it's really a hardware
accelerated pipeline that we can use for
some amazing effects using GL or you can
pipe it right through to core image for
real-time effects so why do you care
about this what does it mean for you so
let me show you one of my demos here and
kind of walk you through it I mean these
all these things are built right into
the OS and what I have here is a little
demo app called fun house that we just
have for internal testing and it really
helps us test what the filters are in
the OS and we have a huge list of things
built into the system and they're all
what's great about core images that we
can take these chains of effects and
stack them together in a non-destructive
way so your original content
is untouched it's there to do whatever
it is you want to do with it later as
long as you remember these effects and
are all responding in real time and
again this is all built in the OS and it
works with video as well all in real
time all leverage on the GPU and you can
the performance of this is just amazing
what we're working on top of is a 720p
264 clips and I can in real time distort
this we're doing a bump distortion we
can do things like glass distortions for
kind of a wet look and you're probably
seeing your great this is built in the
OS but how am I supposed to access is
how is this going to help me in my
content creation well what we're hoping
is by building it in the system building
it optimized for performance and
reliability and extensibility a rich
developer community will emerge around
this like we have with core audio
providing you choice in tools and
plugins to do what you need to do one of
the examples though we have today is
with motion motion being a tool we
introduced at NAB shipping this summer
and this has this technology built into
it and what I'd like to do is introduce
Dion scopa too low a product marketing
manager from pro apps and let you let
him give you a walkthrough of how this
technology translates into a real world
solutions for you today yeah thank baby
and
my dad thanks Amy for pronouncing lines
last name correctly this is the motion
interface and motion is a brand new
applications and it's not released yet
and it will show you some things that
you can do when you build a brand new
application from the ground up that
takes advantage of the mac OS 10 and the
mac hardware including the technology
that's core video is based on so over
here you have a file browser and the
file browser kind of mimics the finder
you have drives mounted servers anything
that you have in your find your level
you have up the top here and down below
are all the files that you would find in
any folder so if you want to take one
you just import it by dragging and
dropping it from the file browser into
the canvas and you just hit play so once
you have it start playing you can do a
bunch of things you can scale it down at
the plays you can grab a little handle
and rotate it you can come in and choose
to have a kind of a perspective
distortion and you can see it's very
interactive you can just drag the stuff
around and move it around really quickly
and this is the kind of interactivity
that you can get by using what amy was
showing and just inside of motion
besides the on-screen controls over here
in the file browser it's a tabbed window
so you can go to the inspector just by
clicking on a tab you have all the
sliders and dials that you would want to
do this by numbers if you wanted to or
you can just reset it all besides that
you have a library and in the library
that's where all the goodies are found
that's where all the fun stuff to play
is play with our you have things like
filters a lot of the filters you can see
they're all accelerated again so we can
come in and we can choose some like
distortions and we can choose like black
hole here and just do stuff like that
you can come down and choose the spear I
have an audio section 2 in mine mark
stay na na na na na na na okay now but
you have a bunch of these filters some
of some of very stylized filters like
you can come in and say style eyes like
this is kind of one of my favorites it
just kind of makes this doctor who kind
of you know kind of leaflet kind of
thing effect so you have a lot of these
filters that you can just play with as
the clip plays back and you can
layer up multiple clips but you can also
create animations and you can create
animations through different ways we
created this animation you can see a
little preview at the top here in the in
the file browser it's just a key frames
animation that we saved off and you can
bring it back in so you can just drag
layers from your projects into the file
browser to save them and you can just
drag them back into another project and
lay them down and then you get the same
animation playback so what you can do
you can actually choose this little clip
here and you have a full keyframe editor
that you can open up in keyframe things
as well besides that you have a text
tools at the top you have a tool palette
a toolbar you have hand panning and you
can zoom in on clips and the clip still
plays and you can zoom in very quickly
so it's very interactive you can choose
your text tool this might be like a
broadcast promo so we'll do kpl eight
and now that you have the text on screen
you can do different things you can
change the size very interactively the
tracking all the things you might want
to do with tech you can change the color
get a nice yellow there you can change
the font it's very interactive on the
font that dynamically changes as you
scroll through the list so that's kind
of fun and the whole goal was to make
this very interactive and very fun to
play with as a working tool over here
this little a dashboard is a floating
transparent you know little widget that
gives you all the most common controls
you would have for anything you select
on screen so I have text selected so it
gives me all the text controls if I have
something else selected you'll notice
then it will give me different controls
for instance to animate this text right
now instead of key framing it we can go
back into the library we can choose
something called behaviors behaviors are
kind of a different way of animating
things rather than using keyframes they
don't set keyframes they apply these
kind of natural forces to objects so I
can choose something like a basic motion
behavior and I can come in and choose
let's see we'll come down it's not
released yet did I say that now I'm
going to bring out my guitar now let me
just get back into this and I'll show
you some behaviors so we just load our
clip back in in our animation and we'll
start playing
and let's choose our text tool and go
back into our library in their basic
behaviors and put on a throw behavior
now the throw behavior just lets me
choose which direction using this
dashboard I want to throw it in so the
more I pull it out the faster it throws
and the left side push it in the more i
push it in the slower throws we can just
get it very quickly going along a line
here just very smooth if i want to make
a copy i can just option drag this out
and i have a copy of it same animation
and everything i can go back to the copy
now in the animation and just change
direction if i want it to go in a
different direction so very quickly i
have this animation of text and i can
pull this one over as it animates made
me make it go a little bit slower and i
can just double click it and select you
know evening news something like that
there's a code off screen is actually
really it's great for the demo but it's
not practical in daily use where you
could actually because the text was
going all over the place okay anyway but
we have this animation here and you can
do other animations with behaviors like
different types of behaviors understand
specifically about text for instance if
i want a nice little highlight on this i
can come in and just throw on a
highlight here and as the text animates
across the screen you'll see it gives it
a little sequence of highlight across
the screen you can also animate the
position i can come in and i can choose
a different behavior maybe a zoom
behavior that just zooms in the kpl text
so now the text will kind of zoom on
screen and the highlight goes across the
evening news besides all these behaviors
you have a full particle engine that you
can choose you have things like smoke
and we can come in here and see a little
preview you can drag it around you have
things like sparkles anything you would
normally find in a full-blown particle
engine would come with over 140 little
presets that you can play around with or
you can create your own we created this
one earlier we can just drag and drop it
on it gives it a little nice little
glowy line and you can see everything is
still very interactive I can come to the
background still and you know move it
around as things play on top the last
little bit i wanted to show you was you
can import any
quicktime file format as well x port
including mpeg-1 mpeg-2 mpeg-4 and you
can bring in Photoshop documents and
when you bring in Photoshop document so
if they have layers it will tell you
show you the layers here you can import
all the layers these are our anchors for
our newscast maybe and we can shrink
them down now behaviors don't
necessarily just operate on one layer
they can operate on multiple layers you
have sophisticated kind of simulation
behaviors that simulate gravity and
things like that and we can just come
into our behaviors in the library again
and we can choose simulations we can try
one like a tractor it will drop the
attractor on the center anchor and when
we do that the other two are attracted
right so this is great because they're
not keyframes and what that means is I
can actually come in and move her around
and they'll follow her right so you can
do these things very quickly i mean if
on some you know we all have people that
we work with we might want to put a
repeal a tractor on a repeal version
honor so we can do repels and you can
come in and you can go full screen and
you can work on this at full screen so
this is an idea of motion and what you
can do when you actually build an
application that takes advantage of
everything the mac has to offer as well
as if you're interested in more tomorrow
at ten-thirty there's a full session on
this so that's motion thank
thanks to you okay thanks Dan one of the
cool things about this core architecture
that we've built in it allows us to
provide a predictable and reliable set
of services that let developers in this
case you know Apple on our applications
group kind of like play with the notion
of user interface and user experience we
can kind of rewrite the rules about how
you I is done when you can count on the
set of services and capability to be
built in at a very predictable level and
we're really looking forward to seeing
what happens over the coming months with
some of these core technologies so what
I'm going to do is because we're because
of some of the technical demo errors
problems we had there i'm going to blast
through so much lines i'm sure you guys
are going to be really sad about that
but so i'm going to i'm going to power
through this area because i want to save
time for some of the cool demos that we
have coming up and what i wanted to do
is in this section just kind of do an
update on standards and where things are
because it's so important to what's been
going on a quick time and driving the
incredible growth and distribution of
what's been going on we've always
supported standards in quicktime you
guys know that you can't have a serious
architecture a media architecture in the
world if you don't support and respect
these standards and to us lately it's
some standards from this part of the
world that's really been driving a lot
of what's been going on in our space and
a lot of the adoption of quicktime a lot
of people ask us you know how is mpeg-4
doing is a lot of press interviews a lot
of analyst interviews I'm gonna move
closer to the clicker thing there it is
and you know if you do a search on the
web you can find just just hundreds of
companies with thousands of products
with various bits of hardware devices
that are all just you know capturing and
coding in mpeg-4 it's really it's really
taken off in a huge way our own itunes
music store AAC our friends up in in in
Washington State you know switched over
using AAC in their music store I mean
that was sweet I mean the thing that's
kind of interesting is you know add
apple in a QuickTime team you know we
have a cap that's got two logos on it in
the front does a blue cue and then we're
very proud and we're very you know we're
very dedicated to making sure that quick
time does
but we have to flip that cap around and
it kind of says you know the ISO logo on
the other side and that means we want to
be you know what card-carrying members
of the ISO compliant universe and we
want to make sure that we invited many
people to play as as possible so while
we do compete head-on with real networks
in with Windows Media for Microsoft
every day and a variety of areas we also
want to flip our cap around invite them
very much so to do what we've been doing
with standards because the more people
that play in this space the better off
it is for everybody these guys have been
just driving mpeg4 adoption in huge ways
docomo KDDI certainly these are some of
the earlier guides they'll have massive
distribution of multimedia you know
enabled phones and people using them we
go to Japan a lot and when we work with
these guys in docomo and KDDI the stuff
that they're doing and it's you know a
lot of the content is created using
QuickTime actually all of the content
that docomo creates and all of the
content that kddi creates starts off as
a quicktime movie saved off as a 3g file
and distributed over their networks to
these phones they have met their massive
users and it's not just those guys this
was we took this on a street corner this
is a storefront these are all media
enabled phones it's absolutely amazing
what's happening overseas the good news
is it's coming here to part of what
you're going to hear about in just a
little bit is how it is in fact coming
here and why it's going to really matter
for us a lot of what we've been doing to
date though has been creation of
QuickTime files and you know they're on
a g5 using final cut pro or on a PC
using a PC app and that file then moved
off to a server somewhere of someone's
design and as we've been traveling the
world and talking with telcos a lot
lately in the past you know past couple
of years certainly in the last year
we've been asked routinely for an
antenna solution we've been asked
constantly what can will you buy this
whole thing from you guys you have
servers right like yeah and you have a
streaming server for the internet more
like yeah I guess if we plug them all
together and change it a little bit we
could do the same thing on the wireless
internet that we're doing on a wired
internet and so what we've started doing
and very very recently but incredibly
successfully it's unbelievable how quick
the uptake for our solution has gone
in parts of the world we're selling
racks of excerpts right now into telcos
and sell codes around the world
providing solutions for streaming to
this whole new 3g space so on the step
through this very quickly the part that
we're most familiar with is this content
creation you're going to see a
demonstration a little bit about final
cut pro HD you know editing content and
high def and then saving it as a 3g file
and so we're very familiar with this
part of the world and we all know that
it's not just our own tools but any tool
that uses quicktime the suite of AP is
that are there as we update the version
of quicktime underneath the application
above it gets all of the new
capabilities all the new features are
more importantly access to all the new
codex so as we add 3gpp and then 3gpp2
and then later you know h.264 all of
these applications will automatically
expose those capabilities which is
really really cool for content creators
you have to buy new hardware or buying
software and after the content is
created our delivery solution has been
it has been updated then modified to
include our xserve g5 this monster
device can reflect over 10,000
simultaneous streams two handsets over
10,000 simultaneous just from one of
these devices and if you've got stored
files on demand files around 4,000 or so
3g files simultaneously streamed and
what's kind of interesting is certainly
if you have a lot more files we have a
lot more storage available but you know
it's it's we have a flexible solution
what's interesting is the software like
ofm server and the streaming server like
quicktime streaming server ship on this
hardware we buy this for free this was /
this is presented a pretty interesting
proposition for us a value proposition
for the folks that we're talking to when
we compare a solution with some of the
folks who are also in this industry most
most notably real networks who had the
early mover advantage they got out there
very early have done a very interesting
job we compared our solution we can take
our xserve g5 and slide it into a rack
and with it comes all the software that
you need and the server costs I don't
know forty five hundred dollars or so
and that's it
the same thing done on the real network
side you buy a piece of hardware from HP
or dell get for you know forty five
hundred dollars or so you slide it in
iraq and then you get the payroll
networks about forty five thousand
dollars for the right to use their
software and so as we started going to
different chemicals around the world and
11 nosebleed where we're in a pacific
rim some country talking to some telco
and we lay this thing out the senior
vice president of the company is like
okay so you're telling me that i take
forty five hundred dollars or whatever
unit of denomination for this device and
there's no software charged there's no
licensing fee i can just use it and the
answer was yes and it was a no-brainer
and they ordered a rack of x serves it
was just such a beautiful thing to see
quicktime and the solutions that we
built helping create a whole new market
for apple we're selling excerpts into
telcos because of quicktime and with
that often goes a g5 a cinema display
and you know final cut pro or some other
software for people to do the creation
and the management of these servers it's
really working out well for us now now
that we we have active communications
trials and tests over 25 telcos around
the world and it's just growing growing
fast really fast so that's working out
pretty well now we've always doing
content creation of course we could
always do content playback our client
supports 3gpp and 3gpp2 without a
problem we have got the best built-in
support for that anywhere and so the
folks like docomo and KDDI have always
recommended to their subscribers
download install quicktime because
people their phones are grabbing movies
and they email them to people and they
want quick time to play it back and now
companies like docomo kddi sprint here
in the US they're showing up in our
download list we look at our numbers
every single day they're showing up in
our download list repeatedly every day
in our top 20 or 25 refers for quicktime
downloads that many of their subscribers
and their subscribers friends are
getting quick time to play back these
movies it's really starting to pick up
so what I like to do now is introduce
Joseph Landowski who works in our
professional group professional
marketing applications group to do a
quick demo
pro HD and what we're going to do is
check this cool application out and then
we're going to use the output of the
work that he's done and we're going to
push it up to a server and stream it
back to a phone right joe thank you
Frank low years man the final cut pro HD
thank you final cut pro HD is the newest
version of Final Cut Pro which was
announced and released earlier this year
at the nav conference in Las Vegas now
the most important new feature of final
cut pro HD is a direct result of our
close working relationship with
Panasonic the manufacturer of the very
popular high-definition Vera cam camera
what we can do with final cut pro HD is
actually capture the native dvcpro HD
content shot on those very cam cameras
over firewire that's standard original
firewire not even firewire be into your
g five or even onto your laptop g4
computer not only captured over firewire
but also edit that high-definition
content in real time now you might be
wondering why are we up you're talking
about high definition nonlinear editing
in the middle of a quick time delivery
session well regardless of your final
output your content needs to be created
and if that content is video then the
obvious choice is final cut pro HD but
why high-definition that's an awfully
big scale to go from HD all the way down
to the phone well think of HD or high
definition is a universal mastering
format for you if you shoot and edit in
HD your choices are unlimited you can
deliver to high-def TV HDTV you can
print to film you can deliver an HD
projection in HD theater or in the
future you'll be able to create high
definition DVDs now from there you can
scale that down to standard definition
for standard def broadcast or standard
def DVD of course you can bring it down
farther to mpeg-4 for the web or today
you can finally export that content onto
a 3g phone and that's what we're going
to look at today let's take a look at
final cut pro this is Final Cut Pro for
HD and I have a project that's partially
finished here we're just going to finish
it up and then deliver it to the cell
phone so here's what I have so far
[Music]
as we have a project that started here
but it needs a little bit of work so I'm
going to do three things to it the first
would be very simple I want to add a
transition between these two shots here
so to do that I'll go to my effects tab
and as you can see I in here i have a
video transitions category if I open
that up as several categories to choose
from dissolve wipes irises maps and so
on and I have a man in here a QuickTime
categories let's go ahead and take a
quick time push and drag and drop that
directly onto the timeline like so now i
can change the duration of that
transition by simply dragging it
directly on the timeline and then play
that back just like that now you can see
that ass end in real time there was no
rendering required in fact if I want to
make a change to that transition I can
open it up into the viewer change that
from a top push to a right push play it
again once again without rendering so
off to a good start here now the next
change i'm going to make is to this pool
shot you'll notice that the break
happens right on the beach
[Music]
but then the shot continues not a whole
lot else happens but the beat repeat so
what I want to do is have a little bit
of fun with this clip and work with the
time remapping tool to take that pool
cue break and have it happen twice both
times on the beat so let's see what
we're going to do first thing I'll do is
just go ahead and zoom into this clip a
little bit and open up my my tool set
here my little mini timeline and grab
the time remapping tool from here now
once again if I play through this you'll
see there's the first beat and there's
the second beat right there now the
first break is already lined up to the
beat so i'm going to go ahead and add a
keyframe to lock that in they'll also
turn on my time remap graphs but i can
see what's happening i can see the
changes to my timeline i'm going to go
ahead and let that play normally just
for a little bit we'll go ahead and add
a keyframe there so it's going to lock
into that position and then if i go
forward to where that last bead is which
is right about here there's that beat
i'm going to go ahead and grab that key
frame and adjust the frame of video that
we're actually looking at dragging it
back in time until I get to the break
again so there's the break so now i have
the break happening twice so far so good
but what I really wanted to have that
cue ball go back a little bit farther
back to the pool cue so he shoots it
twice so let's go ahead about halfway in
between here add another keyframe and
I'll just drag that back right about
there all happening in real time in high
definition alright one more thing I want
to add onto here is a title let's go
ahead back to the beginning of the
project this is a small bumper for San
Francisco so I want to add a little
title with San Francisco right here
now there's some built-in titling tools
inside a final cut pro but it also ships
with a program called livetype livetype
is an awesome tool for doing very quick
very easy animated title let's go ahead
and have a look at that I've already
exported this single clip here let's go
ahead and switch over to live type
you'll notice I can even check my mail
in the background here while walking
with final cut pro HD let's go ahead
into livetype here and place a
background movie and there's that Golden
Gate Bridge shot drop it onto the
timeline now I need to add some text so
I'll just go in here and type in San
Francisco spell that right Stan friend
just go you know you can type 120 words
per minute until you get up on stage did
you know that the way it works alright
so we go San Francisco on there i can
change the size of that text if I want
to I can of course change the font let's
go ahead over to my font category choose
any font that I want in here I'm going
to grab this battle house font apply
that i'll bring the type size up just a
little bit i can even go in here and
individually manipulate these
characteristic for example bring the F
over a little bit to tighten that up now
if I want to animate this much like in
motion where you have behaviors here I
have something called effects and these
effects are pre-done animations that I
can simply drag and drop on to the
timeline you'll see we have various fade
effects in here various fantasies and
glows lots of very fun cool effects to
play with I'm just going to grab
something simple here little peekaboo
effect and apply that and now if I go
ahead and play this through livetype is
going to cash this to ram as quickly as
it can and then play it back in real
time keep in mind that you're looking at
high definition 720p 24 frame HD footage
that is just cash that to ram and now
it's playing back in real time so we're
ready to go so now I need to add this
onto my project well how do i add this
text is creating a totally different
program onto my project and final cut
pro well this is another new feature and
final cut pro HD first thing we'll do is
just save this and i'll just call it SF
put it on the desktop and then i'll take
from here the actual icon of the project
hit expose and go down to final cut pro
and then take the actual project file
and drop it on the timeline like that so
there's that text add it into the Final
Cut Pro timeline now remember that this
text this project is going to ultimately
end up on the phone so
need to make sure that that San
Francisco text is very readable when it
gets down to a tiny little screen so I
need to make a change to it I want to
add a black outline to it well I don't
have to start from scratch and I don't
even have to go back to the finder and
open up the file that I saved from
within Final Cut Pro I can simply
control click on the clip and choose
open and editor which will launch that
project back in the live type so i can
now go to my style tab outline turn that
on and let's just give it a nice heavy
beefy black outline on there I'll simply
hit command s to save tab back to final
cut pro HD it's immediately updated and
there's the piece back on the timeline
well let's go ahead and see what this
would look like the final piece and
we'll look at this in full screen here
[Music]
we're having some thinking issues with
the mochi here and that's all there is
to it so from here I'm ready to export
this out for 3g so simply choose file
export using quicktime conversion and
directly from within Final Cut Pro I can
choose to export a 3g file and of course
I have access to all the options that i
would need for a 3g output that finals
already been saved on the desktop and
i'd like to bring Frank back up here to
go ahead and show you how we output that
or stream that to the cell phone thanks
a lot guys
[Applause]
okay so we'll stay on this demo machine
because what what I want to do now is
take now that we've looked at how this
edits in HD and Joseph showed you our
export panel what's interesting is you
know Final Cut Pro like any other quick
time app can access these export
controls they look exactly the same
whether you're using quicktime pro final
cut pro or any application on the mac of
the pc and it's very straightforward and
very easy and what I want to do now is
now that we have this file can we have
this guy go back up please Thanks what I
want to do now is get this file off my
computer and get it out onto a server
for example in a telco somewhere and we
have a we have a product called cutie SS
publisher that we ship with our server
we can connect to the server which we
have set up and the file that Joseph you
know we kind of pre-baked this so we
didn't make you sit through the the
actual transcode the this is the file
and what I all I need to do I mean it
really is a pretty straightforward drag
and drop operation and grab this 3gp
file drag it into this window it moves
over to the server I can click on this
click on this publish media file and you
get a lot of interesting information you
know I can I can you know make sure that
I do the right thing you get poster
frame with this you get HTML
automatically written you can copy this
HTML right out of this screen put it on
your web page it has all the links all
the right information on how to actually
access this file and then if I want to
see how it worked because when we pushed
it up there was automatically made
streaming ready automatically hinted it
what quicktime uses our hit tracks in
movie files mpeg-4 employed that because
of course they're using quicktime as
their file format I can hit play here
and there's that file that Joseph
created so that's streaming back to our
desktop here but now that it's streaming
back to our desktop we know that it
works if we can go back to slides please
what do we want to do with this well we
probably want to take it somewhere more
interesting than a desktop we're talking
about workflow we're talking about how
files are created help files are hinted
how files are moved now how can it be
played back in the larger scheme of
things I'd like to introduce is Dave
burn Nikki from ATT wireless to join me
on stage and talk a little bit about the
way that our companies are you know
benefiting from the development and the
use of standards to actually just work
together very seamlessly because we both
reached the same recipe book David thank
you Frank thanks for having me and my
dad thanks you for pronouncing my last
name correctly to about three years ago
I made my first trip over to Asia to
view one of the first live
demonstrations of streaming video on a
wireless network and naturally we all
came back pretty excited from that
journey and I was asked you know what
does it take for this to become reality
in North America and my response was
convergence and a convergence of
networks devices and standards I think
our key so we started to see some of
that convergence never really think 2004
is the year of convergence because now
we finally have devices with the
capabilities both with displays with
memory and battery capabilities to
actually render this content we have
networks that have evolved whether they
be gsm or cdma based networks that can
now deliver the bandwidth required for
this content to be enabled to the phone
and we now have standards convergence
where previously we are operating in a
telco centric world or a desktop
internet centric world we've seen the
convergence arrive and really the
epitome of that convergence i think is
they have demonstrated in what apple's
down with it
time tools and content authoring and
creation capabilities that they've
developed all based on standards and the
diligent work that Frank and his team
have been working to make sure that all
of the products allow it the content to
be created delivered whether it's by you
as a developer one of our content
partners a carrier or even a consumer to
take their own personal content and
publish it and make it available to
other users on the desktop or on the
mobile phone so what i've done is i've
browsed out to the website that Frank
has posted that content on and I'm going
to actually scream the content directly
off of the yeah the server here can we
have this tobacco device on the screen
of course the demo gods will cooperate
there with me we'll get this to work
sure you guys we get this up kimmeridge
up
yep they're just kidding
so i've browsed out to the site there's
a link up there to the content and as
i've connected we actually get to see
the real thing i can of course insiders
so it was that easy for frank's to take
the content and publish it and for me to
browse it on the hop so just to be clear
certainly we could have done this as a
you know played it from the phone or you
know like it stored it on the phone and
played it back but this was real time
streaming I mean this is pretty cool
because the only place you could
normally see this up until now is if you
got on a plane and flew for 14 hours you
know somewhere with a servation food but
now we can hear we're starting to
actually get a network that has evolved
enough we can push content to servers
and the bandwidth the wireless bandwidth
is enough to actually do this stuff in
real time this is getting really
exciting to be able do this right here
in San Francisco so and this is a this
is actually available nationwide on our
network in our friendly competitors
networks sure this device is an upcoming
nokia edge enabled phone you probably
seen the European counterpart to this
the 6600 this is at 6620 this device has
the ability to stream up to 130 kilobits
per second so the convergence has
happened and in 2004 is a tier cool
thanks like appreciate join us
so one example from one of the folks
that we're working with and certainly as
we just kind of rally around standards
you know it works out incredibly well
you don't have to cut deals because the
standard is the deal the standard is
what makes things work and that was all
just done because we both kind of you
know do the right thing at the right
time so we showed one example that was
kind of like you know make-believe from
professional content creator doing HD
exporting out the 3g to the AT&T phone
but we also have an opportunity where is
that clicker Thank paratus if we could
go back to the slides real quick to take
a look at another example from our
friends at verizon wireless we've worked
closely with the AT&T guys and with
verizon wireless guys to both kind of
friends of the family and of course
card-carrying members of the standards
community and what I'd like to do is
introduce dub busque to join me on stage
Doug's been a friend of the family has
is Dave for a long time welcome thank
Frank and so you like the other one
started from kind of final cut pro
professional content creation will take
a more kind of like consumer oriented
content creation play on this one Xbox
well thanks Frank well first of all let
me say we're very excited to be here the
timing is perfect because we launched
our video messaging products which is a
part of our get flicks line of products
on Friday the timing couldn't be any
more impeccable our video messaging
product allows recording a full video
and sound up to 15 seconds or about 200
kilobytes to be sent peer-to-peer online
and down to mail which we're going to
demonstrate in a moment so when we
looked around for the in the playback
universe there really wasn't much of a
question we chose 3gpp2 is our standard
so we went with quicktime is our
preferred playback mechanism on the
desktop on pc and mac there really was
no issue there quicktime was excellent
to work with and I think as you'll see
the QuickTime really gives the product a
wonderfully holistic approach so you're
able to send from device to desktop and
back with ease with quicktime quicktime
pro so we want to go and show off a
little bit of a demo give it a go min ok
so talk about the demo God's blessing us
here I'm going to go ahead and take a
short video of Frank
recording on Bryce yep hey everybody
mark you shoulda played a little heavier
music manager so I'm going to stop that
and i'm going to send that over to both
Frank's email and his phone at the same
time so let me go ahead and add those
out of my contact list good we're going
to move right over here to to the
computer okay in just a moment here
again this is a set of activities that
you would normally have to go pretty far
away from here to actually see happen
alright so right now I'm connecting up
to our 1x RTT network is branded as
national access so it's currently
sending the message this national access
runs around dial-up speeds 50kbps which
shouldn't be confused with our EVDO
network which is broadband access which
we have launching in several cities
currently available on San Diego in DC
which is more like 500 kbps sounds
there's no lacking of acronyms in this
industry yeah ok so the message has been
sent I'm also going to upload this to
our pics place website at the same time
so I'm going to go ahead and do that
while we're waiting for this to come
into mail
ok we're looking for it thank
okay now come into the phone and
agreement ooh male got it at East at
same time how about that that's never
happened before hear me now but my
network guys are going to say they're
here I happen to say that ok so we're
doing to look at it first on the
computer yeah let's take a look at it in
male playback to give you an idea of the
power of QuickTime delivery this is a
video we just took uploaded via via our
video messaging service and it's right
there and message to write their message
in preview thanks to quicktime
integration of a mail app so should I
just go in play yeah go ahead and play
hello recording so we realized that not
everybody is going to have a video
messaging capable phone but we hope that
people run out and buy our LG VX seven
thousand which will be available here on
Friday Frank's going to take a look at
the I going to put the 7000 up on the
demo stand and let's see if we can
connect up and download the video so my
phone said that I had a message yep and
where did it go ok did the right beeping
thing right there under hostage on the
inbox said message except these
newfangled devices right so I will go
ahead and pop that right in there go pop
this oh can we switch over guys thank
you switch over guys thank you very okay
i will push the little play button
and that was delivered simultaneously to
the desktop to mail to anybody who has
quicktime 65 and above now what I'm
doing is logging into our picks place
website which is vzwpix com anybody
who's going to go ahead and ask me for a
free phone this number is going to be
defunct about 10 minutes after the show
so you'll have to come and approach me
separately so we'll just walk into the
inbox here and again you'll notice we've
got the quicktime integrated right into
the website it pulls up the player
embedded in Safari and we also have the
mention on the side here for anybody who
doesn't happen to have quicktime
although we don't believe that number to
be many video franchise recording so i
can go ahead and copy and move and
organize all of my video messages but
what's really exciting about what we're
doing with quicktime is the ability to
create and deliver content downstream to
VZW video messaging customers so Frank's
going to pull up a QuickTime edit here
ok so what we have is personal video one
of the one of the cameras that I showed
earlier from sanyo's from the cool
mpeg-4 camera you may have seen it at
both issued still and video solid-state
on the SD cards and the video that it
captures is a dot mp4 file and that's
what this is um we capture some content
and I'll just play this back to you guys
[Music]
just can't go wrong with kids yeah it's
a total sucker punch for ya literally
just got to do that all right so what we
want to do is joseph started doing this
earlier but we're going to actually
finish it we're going to export this
movie 2 3g now hopefully all the
settings are set so i don't have to go
through but what you can see as we
support of course 3gpp for the gsm guys
to DP 3gpp2 for the cdma2000 guys like
verizon and of course when i did that it
reset everything didn't it so i'll go up
to 82 and audio
we want Lisa what data rate we want to
use the other speech codec at this data
rate does that work okay good so let's
just say okay and we'll save it as Gabby
slide 3g to on the desktop and that was
what about seven seconds long so we're
exporting it right now and there it is
and there it is on the desktop so now
though let's send it to his phone so
people in their homes can very easily
using these incredibly simple tools the
powerful at the same time create content
and send it out so we're finished with
this and now what I will do is launch
our email client again and this time
create a message and send it to Doug
called fun oops josephs right fun in the
park extra spaces and everything you
forget how to type here and then what we
want to do is create an attachment and
make sure it's windows friendly
attachment select this grab it and then
I'm just going to email it right to
Doug's phone exactly so now it's going
up out its scent and we'll see how long
it takes for it to actually come back
down to his phone this is like live
without a wire kind of sign you'll
notice that the blue dress the address
that Frank used to to receive the
messages are the same that he's sending
out so it's always a mobile number @
vzwpix.com and makes it I think really
foolproof for the you know average home
user who just wants to hey I recorded
this DV file of my kid I want to send it
out to a friend of mine who's on the VZ
network so we're trying to encourage the
same usability that we have in our other
services across the board and sort of
extend the digital hub out to out to
mobile so I've received a message it's
currently receiving as I said it's our
national access networks of receiving
could have been receiving surface on our
other networks oh okay and so I'm going
to go ahead and pull this up hold on a
sec if we can go back to the backhoe
device
cool Evan had a manicure lately and so
from digital video to mobile in three
steps we're very proud of this and we're
looking forward to this this extended
out to your world you're a pre-existing
content that you have I think you can
see now this is excellent for a home
user but there's a world not too far
from now where you'll be taking your
news sports weather travel corporate
marketing content whatever you have and
bringing it down with the power of
QuickTime to VZW video messaging
customers so we're excited to be here
where we look forward to great future
with your with your help thanks
everybody thanks thanks great I guess
what's really exciting is I think was
just about a year ago or so a little
more than a year ago we introduced quick
on 63 which included support for a gsm
network and we actually went to japan to
do the introduction because it was only
there that we were able to actually do
this exact same demo it was only there
that they had the bandwidth available on
the phones and the infrastructure and
just one one year later we're doing this
demo right here in San Francisco it's
really kind of cool and one thing that
just points out to us and that you know
the u.s. telcos you know where thought
they were way behind they're
accelerating your adoption you're
accelerating the build outs and i look
forward to us all having some really
cool phones in the very near future so
that was a pretty interesting pretty
good example of what's been going on in
our space so to keep us on time because
we have 10 minutes left i'm going to
super power through this but the point
is people ask us regularly and we talk
about distribution all the time a lot of
folks here may say why do I care because
it seems like everybody cares you can't
have a serious media architecture unless
you've got bless you a lot of
distribution and we have a lot of
distribution we are at a quarter of a
billion copies of QuickTime six and
Counting as a matter of fact the
counting goes on and on and on it's just
really amazing how many copies of
QuickTime are destroyed
in any unit of measure that you care to
look at we're really proud of this
distribution it's made a big difference
we distribute clicked on a whole bunch
of different ways licensing with devices
our licensing folks have kept very very
busy tools multimedia titles enhance
music CDs and digital cameras very
interesting way in which quicktime is
distributed in massive quantities that
250 million number there's only web
downloads it doesn't include anything
else I actually believe between enhanced
music CDs and digital cameras we
probably eclipsed our download numbers
from our website alone but we don't know
how to count all that so we just talked
about the web downloads and the question
is who cares well recently we generated
a lot of interest a lot of interest when
frost & sullivan did a market a media
player distribution survey and they
issued a report an official analyst
report that said windows media is in the
lead they have a nice distribution
strategy is being looked at niggy you
right now but their distribution has put
them at 38.2 percent and in the lead but
staying stable it put us at thirty six
point eight percent and growing and put
our friends at real networks at about
twenty-five percent and going down which
puts us at one point four percent Delta
from windows media which is incredible
given what we've come from just a years
ago when we first 11 this group of
people and I took over two Clips our
marketing team we were distributing I
think between 12 and 15 thousand copies
of QuickTime a day and now we're doing
that what every hour so I mean the
distribution that we've achieved and the
way that we we go out with the help of
everyone in this room and what we've
been doing around the industry has just
gone incredibly well and we're really
looking forward to next year if they
recount because these guys that wrote
this believe it can go either way and
our goal is to continue to drive
adoption of QuickTime and hopefully get
that number one spot because it really
matters when you and we go out and talk
to people in the industry so with that
said what's up what's next what are we
going to try to do well you saw it
yesterday in Steve's keynote if you were
there you saw me demonstrate h.264
or ABC it's a remarkable video codec
it's one of those things where you don't
get to see a video codec like this very
often you don't get an opportunity to
introduce a technology like this you
know but maybe every every number of
years the benefits incredible quality I
mean this codec has generated quality
that we thought was really kept in the
upper echelon of HD and other really big
big formats not not a codec that's
scalable and and available to use across
an entire spectrum of bit rates the
efficiency of this I demonstrated
yesterday i'll show you guys again today
is incredible you hold a data rate
stable you'll hold a data rate constant
and the frame size and resolution goes
up by like a factor of 4 from say
today's standard mpeg-4 codec which is
absolutely incredible that's like free
that's free resolution you just r Ian
code and you're off with a much higher
resolution image and a bunch of other
capabilities that I want to just power
through because we're running out of
time but I wanted to talk about this get
this question a lot as you might guess
as we're talking to press an analyst
what's up with Windows Media 9 where is
it visa vie 264 what about bc 9 how does
that relate to win this media 9 and
therefore 264 and a lots been going on
in the world of standard certainly the
HD DVD forum has made some decisions
about the codecs that they're going to
support mpeg-2 h.264 and vc nine have
been ratified into the HD DVD spec which
is kind of interesting you know so
certainly 264 and people using quicktime
tools will be able to alter content for
that next generation set the DVD audio
guys have selected a AC h e as the audio
format of choice for the next generation
second session DVD audio playback format
but windows media nine i think it's an
incredible technology I'll be honest
with you I think it's absolutely
remarkable but it has two issues closed
and its proprietary therefore limiting
its distribution and used in some of the
professional mecca mediums for example
broadcast cable you know the telcos and
sell codes when we first visited docomo
they were actually using windows media
and they switched over to mpeg-4 they
felt that was a better and safer choice
for them because it's a standard where
Windows Media 9 was not and if he wanted
to license windows media you could get a
technology license no problem what
patent licenses big problems you
couldn't get that from them so that was
limiting some of their adoption so they
made a very interesting and I think a
really smart choice they went to the
cynthy standards committee very very big
and powerful standards organization and
proposed Windows Media 9 as an open
standard called VC nine so windows
meeting on pretty much equals VC 989 is
now a simpie standard but then an
interesting thing happened certainly
they they've been marketing VC nine very
aggressively as an open standard and
they can all go talk to the people that
normally wouldn't talk to them but what
hasn't happened with VC nine yet is the
patent stuff the stuff that we're very
used to in the mpeg-4 side so you know
there's this group of lawyers MPEG la
stands for licensing authority not Los
Angeles we have other acronyms back on
campus but insert your own la acronym
and these guys are the the storefront if
you will for impact for these are the
folks that work with all of the patent
holders in the patent pool and allow you
to walk up and talk to just one person
and get a patent license that covers you
completely so enter VC nine you know an
open standard is it possible that
microsoft owns every single bit of
intellectual property that's in Windows
Media is it possible they've invented
every technique and every technology and
every algorithm and every approach to
encoding and decoding content that's in
Windows Media nine we don't know we're
going to get a look because MPEG la is
on a call for patents on dc9 which means
france tlcom they've been around for a
while sony they've got a lot of IP all
these guys get to go over and kind of
life sit around a round table and carry
down and say I recognize that you know
I've seen that before and what's going
to happen is VC 9 is going to have a
patent pool MPEG la is going to manage
it so while windows meeting on licensing
is really attractive you can get it at a
really really good price without patent
coverage dc-9 will have costs associated
with it we don't know how much the
patent pool hasn't even really started
forming yet h.264 is off and running
it's already been deployed in a number
of places the Japanese
broadcast community have already
selected 264 as their technology they're
going to use we've been ratified into a
bunch of different places I'm really
eager to see what's going to happen with
vp9 that mean the jury still out we'll
see but it's important to understand
that when is meeting nine and bt9 you
know are these very similar today codex
how that's going to evolve with Windows
Media 10 just being introduced and what
direction that's going to go vs DC nine
and the patent the questions around DC
nine will be just interesting things to
think about so just keep your ears open
and when that happens in the last couple
of minutes what I'd like to do is just
show you guys what we've been doing
though for a while with this h.264 ABC
technology if you're wondering about the
name in a nutshell you know the the ITU
International Telecommunication Union
these are the folks that have been
famous for h2 61 to 63 and now you know
264 they've done a bunch of incredible
codec work and the folks in ISO MPEG it
did mpeg-1 mpeg-2 mpeg-4 they brought
together the best of brightest of the
respective organizations and created a
joint video team or JV t there this
codec as its evolved has had a number of
names h 26 l JV t AVC h.264 we think
like today's MPEG codec which is called
mpeg-4 part 2 discotheque manned up as
mpeg-4 part 10 I don't know what
happened to three through nine probably
the same thing that happened to MPEG 3 I
don't know it's just missing but you
know the name of that will likely come
out as part 10 so let me show a couple
of examples of what this code it can do
and you saw me do something like this in
yesterday's keynote this codec and the
bottom here and what they'd rate are
these 81 ok this is a one megabit
encoded file both of these are one
megabit we same piece of content same
data rate one megabit the bottom right
window is today's mpeg-4 part 2 codec
the upper left is h.264 same piece of
content so I'm going to play them both
at the same time you can see what they
look like
homicide
identifier
[Music]
wow it's just man in the world can offer
you coffee sure why not I don't think
anyone's clothes coming so whatever I
can go to help him I'm sorry for the
coffee sugar ah oh oh you thought I was
calling you sugar you're not that rich
so the great trailer and a really good
comparison of what the two that what the
to codex do and what you get from an
efficiency standpoint with 264 so let me
go back one and we talk about
scalability from 3g to HD and and beyond
so I've got like four seconds left this
is my last demo I'll be out of here in
no time to the folks in the house let me
play one trailer for you we got this
trailer just last night actually you
guys might be the first crowd it's been
shown to outside of a movie theater
where it's been displayed this is the
new movie phantom of the opera and so
let me just play this and we'll be off
this is encoded about what 5 megabits
longest leaving I've ever seen
[Music]
you
absolutely remarkable quality we have
we're really we're just thrilled with
what our team is done we have a codec
team in engineering that's just
absolutely outstanding and they're doing
an incredible job taking the recipe of
what specified is 264 to implementing it
it will ship in the next version of
quicktime and i'll tell you we just
can't wait so i want to thank you very
much for coming to our session there is
a 264 session at two o'clock today this
was one of the kind of secret sessions
that we couldn't talk about so if you
want to learn more about this codec at
two o'clock today we have a session
dedicated to h.264 thanks for attending
will be around all week take care guys